LIR analysis of Cr3+:
step1.py
Convert the spectra in the following files into input matrices for machine learning.
Input_Spectra_YAl.xlsx
Input_Spectra_GdAl.xlsx
Input_Spectra_YGa.xlsx
Input_Spectra_GdGa.xlsx

Here, "YAl" in the file name "Input_Spectra_YAl.xlsx" corresponds to the pressure-dependent spectra of YAl3(BO3)4:Cr3+.
The other spectra follow the same naming rule.

For example, the following files can be created:
Matrix_YAl.xlsx
Matrix_GdAl.xlsx
Matrix_YGa.xlsx
Matrix_GdGa.xlsx
==================
step2.py
It reads the output generated by "step1.py," providing information on the correlation analysis.
==================
step3_linear.py
Linear analysis is performed using matrice from step1.
==================
step3_nonlinear.py
Nonlinear analysis (machine learning) is performed using matrice from step1.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Anaylsis of 2E peak emission for Cr3+ dependent on pressure
Here are the files containing the pressure-dependent Cr3+ 2E→4A2 emission positions:
YAl_2E.xlsx
GdAl_2E.xlsx
Here, "YAl" in the file name "YAl_2E.xlsx" corresponds to the pressure-dependent Cr3+ 2E→4A2 emission positions of YAl3(BO3)4:Cr3+.
The other spectra follow the same naming rule.

2E_peak_linear.py
This code reads the above .xlsx files and performs the linear analysis.

2E_peak_nonlinear.py
This code reads the above .xlsx files and performs the nonlinear analysis (machine learning).
